v2.1, v3.0, dev: add a warning in batch operations (#1405)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/transactions/transaction-model.md

    > **Warning:**
    >

>     > The `LOAD DATA` operation in TiDB by default splits transactions and commits them in batches. However, it is at the expense of breaking the atomicity and isolation of the transaction. When using it, you need to ensure that there are **not any other** ongoing operations on the table, and in the event of an error, **manual intervention is required to check the consistency and integrity of the data**. Therefore, it is not recommended for use in a production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > The `LOAD DATA` operation in TiDB by default splits transactions and commits them in batches. However, this operation is at the expense of breaking the atomicity and isolation of the transaction. When performing this operation, you must ensure that there are **no other** ongoing operations on the table. When an error occurs, **manual intervention is required to check the consistency and integrity of the data**. Therefore, it is not recommended to set this parameter in a production environment.
```
